README.md, before:


# **DATA ENGINEER**

**In this README, I will explain what I used for my projects:**

1. Tools: Like python
2. Statistics: Like mean, median or standard deviation.
3. Data Visualization: Title is actually explanatory. We will visualize the data with **python** like matplot and seaborn libraries. I have discussed Matplotlib object hierarchy, various plot types with Matplotlib and customization techniques associated with Matplotlib.

## In this projects:

1. Importing Libraries

2. Loading Dataset & Exploratory Data Analysis

3. Correlation Strength of the relationship between two variables

4. Missing Values Distribution:

5. Calculate the % of missing data from each column

6. Grouping data and finding correlation

7. Selecting columns

8. Logic, Control Flow and Filtering

9. Quantitative comparisons and statistical visualizations

10. Data Manipulation with Python

11. Statistical exploratory data analysis

# Python libraries

### Matplotlib.pyplot as plt

Matplotlib is a cross-platform, data visualization and graphical plotting library for Python and its numerical extension NumPy.

### Pandas as pd

Pandas is an open source data analysis library built on top of the Python programming language. The import pandas portion of the code tells Python to bring the pandas data analysis library into your current environment.

### NupPy as np

It adds powerful data structures to Python that guarantee efficient calculations with arrays and matrices and it supplies an enormous library of high-level mathematical functions that operate on these arrays and matrices.

### Seaborn as sns

Seaborn is **an amazing data visualization library for statistical graphics plotting in Python**. It provides beautiful default styles and colour palettes to make statistical plots more attractive.

### Teamcolor

To change the text color, we use a ***Python*** library called ***termcolor***

Commit message:

Fixed text and added Plotly libary

README.md, after:


# **DATA ENGINEER**

**In this README, I will explain what I used for my projects:**

1. Tools: Like python
2. Statistics: Like mean, median or standard deviation.
3. Data Visualization: Title is actually explanatory. We will visualize the data with **python** like matplot and seaborn libraries. I have discussed Matplotlib object hierarchy, various plot types with Matplotlib and customization techniques associated with Matplotlib.

## In this projects:

1. Importing Libraries

2. Loading Dataset & Exploratory Data Analysis

3. Correlation Strength of the relationship between two variables

4. Missing Values Distribution:

5. Calculate the % of missing data from each column

6. Grouping data and finding correlation

7. Selecting columns

8. Logic, Control Flow and Filtering

9. Quantitative comparisons and statistical visualizations

10. Data Manipulation with Python

11. Statistical exploratory data analysis

# Python libraries

### Matplotlib.pyplot as plt

Matplotlib is a cross-platform, data visualization and graphical plotting library for **Python** and its numerical extension NumPy.

### Pandas as pd

Pandas is an open source data analysis library built on top of the **Python** programming language. The import pandas portion of the code tells **Python** to bring the pandas data analysis library into your current environment.

### NupPy as np

It adds powerful data structures to **Python** that guarantee efficient calculations with arrays and matrices and it supplies an enormous library of high-level mathematical functions that operate on these arrays and matrices.

### Seaborn as sns

Seaborn is an amazing data visualization library for statistical graphics plotting in **Python**. It provides beautiful default styles and colour palettes to make statistical plots more attractive.

### Teamcolor

To change the text color, we use a **Python** library called termcolor.

### Plotly

Plotly's **Python** graphing library makes interactive, publication-quality graphs. Examples of how to make line plots, scatter plots, area charts, bar charts...
